Things for blue agent to be able to do: 
   1. observe, continuously collect telemtry such as logs, processes, network activities, file changes, etc. 
        main ones to use are the windows system logs, such as windows event viewer, windows event log API (for the python),
        and windows event forwarding. As well as Sysmon, ETW which is a built-in windows feature. 
   2. analyze, the agent will be able to take that telemetry and then cross reference it with databases such as the 
   MITRE ATT&CK framework and other databases similar in function in order to determine if an attack is actually occuring
        Frameworks to use are MITRE ATT&CK in order to classify the attack correctly in order to determine the charcteristics
        and methods of said attack. Another one to use is the Sigma Rules, which are essentially logic equations that 
        tell the agent if it sees different behaviors together then its most likely malicious, like if X and Y are present,
        behavior is likely malicious. The third aspect is to use the Cyber Kill Chain to identify which stage of the 
        attack is occuring. 
   3. Once finished analyzing, the agent will be able to decide on a course of action that will give it the best chance of stopping
   the attack before it can cause too much damage. 
        For this step the agent will use the conclusions that it has drawn in the previous step to 'score' and rate the attack
        in the terms of its severity and potential risk so that the agent can determine how necessary it is to stop it
   4. Once the proper course of action is determined, the agent will then carry out this action to defeat the attacker and 
   drive it out of the system
        the actions that the agent will be able to take will fall into separate categories, such as:
            processes: the ability to cancel/suspend suspicious processes, dumping a processes memory for further inspection,
            and collecting the execuable files for processes in order to properly examine them 
            network: blocking IPs, ports, disabling adapters, adding firewall rules and using the firewall in general 
            users: disabling unknown or malicious accounts, forcing accounts to logout, reseting passwords and taking away 
            permissions
            files: deleting malware, moving contaminated files to containment, hashing files to see if theyve been changed, 
            then copying evidence for further examination or documentation
            services: stopping, disabling or deleting suspicious or unknown services currently running
            scheduled tasks: disabling unknown or malicious tasks as well as ensuring they aren't persistent
            registry: deleting run keys and malicious services as well as undoing the persistance of anything 


vulnerabilities to be used: 
    intentionally leaving a port open, putting a hole in the firewall, use a version of software that has known holes in it, 
    have a user account where the password is either not set or its just 'password', deliberately misconfigure settings 
    and leave some permissions as open or unlocked. 
    
